Summary

About Me
I’m a passionate problem-solver dedicated to utilizing my skills to enhance and improve web experiences. My approach is rooted in curiosity, creativity, and a drive to make a positive impact through technology.

Loves Community
Always Learning
Creative Builder


Experience
I have experience contributing to and supporting the front end of various software projects in industries such as Higher Education and E-commerce, with a proven track record of delivering quality work.

Web Publisher at Red Ventures: Managed web pages, transformed content into coded HTML/CSS, and performed website maintenance for educational brands.
Web Administrator at AVB Marketing: Supported custom e-commerce websites for independent retailers for 2+ years.


Continuous Growth
I’m committed to learning new things to improve my skills and discover new approaches to solving problems. Each role presents opportunities to explore fresh ideas and contribute to exceptional online experiences.


--

2025 : Web Publisher at Red Ventures
Managed web pages, transformed content into coded HTML/CSS, and performed website maintenance for educational brands.

2022 : Web Administrator at AVB Marketing 
Supported custom e-commerce websites for independent retailers for 2+ years.

2021 : HTML Email Developer at meltmedia 
2020 : Software Developer Specialist at Maricopa Community Colleges 
2019 : Student Team Lead at BloomTech


-

on a previous version of my portfolio, i had the skills showing as icons instead. try displaying the following as icons:

HTML5
CSS3
Magento 
Drupal 
WordPress
Git 
GitHub 
Command Line 
NGINX 
DNS 
SSL 
VS Code 
Jira 
Adobe Photoshop 



HTML5 CSS3 Tailwind CSS JavaScript Magento Drupal WordPress

Responsive Design SEO Accessibility DNS SSL NGINX Web/Email Hosting

Git GitHub CLI VS Code Photoshop Jira/Confluence Asana Google Workspace Microsoft Office

-


Whether it’s solving website technical issues or transforming concepts into digital realities, I find immense joy and purpose in my work.

I have experience contributing to and supporting the front end of various software projects in industries such as E-commerce and Higher Education, with a proven track record of delivering quality work.
